Add modifications dictionary in conditions section (BBPBGLIB-919) (#10)
BlueBrain/sonata-extension: source/blueconfig.rst

         Name of the target in start.target or user.target to receive the
         manipulation

    .. blueconfig_value:: SectionConfigure
        :type: string
        :required: True for ConfigureAllSections
        :unit:
        :description:

>          A snippet of python code to perform one or more assignments involving section attributes, for all sections that have all the referenced attributes. The format is "%s.xxxx; %s.xxxx; ...".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         A snippet of python code to perform one or more assignments involving section attributes, for all sections that have all the referenced attributes. The wildcard %s represents each section. Multiple statements are separated by semicolons. E.g. "%s.attr = value; %s.attr2 = value2"
```

>          A snippet of python code to perform one or more assignments involving section attributes, for all sections that have all the referenced attributes. The wildcard %s represents each section. Multiple statements are separated by semicolons. E.g., "%s.attr = value; %s.attr2 *= value2".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         A snippet of python code to perform one or more assignments involving section attributes, for all sections that have all the referenced attributes. The wildcard %s represents each section. Multiple statements are separated by semicolons. E.g., "%s.attr = value; %s.attr2 \*= value2".
```

Is escaping of the asterisk required to avoid formatting?

Author: Yes, it is seems that the asterisks (in pairs) are reserved for formatting. Without the escaping here, the doc won't compile
`sonata_simulation.rst:159:Inline emphasis start-string without end-string.`

Author: I don't know why there was no need to excape for the blueconfig doc. I didn't have error for that.

Reviewer: Ok, then let's leave it like that :)
